there's nothing like soaking in a warm
bath after a long hard day right well in
case you've been trying to shed a few
extra pounds here's some great news you
could be killing two birds with one
stone without even knowing it a 20-17
study at Lau Borough University revealed
that when you take a hot bath your body
burns as many calories as it would
during a 30-minute walk the researchers
had four male participants ride a bike
for one hour and spend one hour soaking
in a hot bath with water at 104 degrees
Fahrenheit the scientists then measured
how many calories the men had burnt
during each session it turned out that
the bicycle ride did burn more calories
than a steamy bath but simply relaxing
in warm water still made those men lose
130 calories you can burn the same
amount of calories if you take a walk
for half an hour I don't know about you
but I think I've found my new exercise
routine but of course there is a catch
oh shucks
since all the participants in this study
were only men it's still unknown if the
results would be the same for women
because well their bodies differ a lot
you know I guess we'll just have to wait
and see if they do the same study on
women to hand in case you're not a fan
of spending so much time in the tub not
to mention that water bill that comes
with your new exercise regimen there are
plenty of other ways to burn calories
without having to make any changes in
your diet or breaking a sweat at the gym
for example one a shopping spree
forget about feeling guilty for blowing
money at the mall yet again according to
research by leading British retailer
Debenhams UK women walk on average a
whopping 154 miles per year while
shopping which is about as much as doing
five marathons the researchers
calculated that around three hours of
shopping could help burn 495 calories
and get this shoppers usually take seven
thousand three hundred five steps when
they hit the stores
add to that the weight of bags full of
new stylish garments and you get a
workout worthy of the gym
so go ahead shop till you drop all that
excess weight
just try to stay away from the food
court to avoid taking all those calories
right back in to laughing genuine
laughter is like a mini cardio workout
for the body it makes your heart beat
faster by 10 to 20 percent and according
to a 2007 study by Vanderbilt University
Medical Center laughing for 10 to 15
minutes burns between 10 and 40 calories
that's not much I know but laughing
intensely for an hour can burn as many
calories as lifting weights for 30
minutes it also increases your
metabolism which means you'll keep
burning calories
once you med to stop giggling Plus have
you ever had sore abs after a good laugh
sesh that's gotta mean something so feel
free to binge on your favorites that
comes three scary movies not into
comedies that's okay horror movies will
also do the trick that's what
researchers from the University of
Westminster found in 2012 they asked 10
people to watch 10 different scary
movies while monitoring their heart rate
among other things the top calorie
scorching movie turned out to be the
classic horror flick The Shining
starring Jack Nicholson did you ever see
that one by the way let me know down in
the comments I'm a sucker for a good
Stephen King movie anyway the person who
watched it burned 184 calories the
study's author dr. Richard Mackenzie
explained that it's all because of the
adrenaline rush scary movies release in
your body
for having a pet still on the fence
about whether or not you should get a
dog well besides the fact that they're
just awesome pets that'll bring real joy
to your life a canine companion will
also help you stay in shape walking the
dog for an hour burns as much as 250
calories and even more if you play a
game of fetch your furry friend is
always full of energy so by simply
running alongside it you can get a
really nice calorie burn and what comes
after a fun and a bit messy walk that's
right
bath time every time you give your dog a
bath you can shed up to 200 calories
thanks Fido 5 fidgeting who are my
fellow fidget errs out there well
congratulations are in order because
when you shake your foot during a
meeting or simply tap your fingers on
the desk you're moving your body and as
we all know moving means that some
calories get burned in 2008 researchers
from Iowa State University calculated
how many calories you lose while doing
so and came up with a pretty shocking
number an astounding 600 calories that's
how many you burn if you sit all day
fidgeting if you stand and fidget then
you can burn even more up to 900 well
what can I say keep tapping folks 6
sleeping ah yes my favorite exercise in
the whole wide world when you snooze
your body is actually pretty busy
repairing cells renewing tissue and
cleaning out toxins that's why an eight
hour sleep burns a whopping 500 calories
even a short 30-minute nap can help you
lose 28 calories on the flip side not
getting enough sleep
might be the reason why you crave
unhealthy food a 2004 study carried out
by the scientists from Stanford
University revealed that sleep
deprivation disrupts the appetite
regulating hormones leptin and ghrelin
making you one a munch on junk food
throughout the day I always a new sleep
is the best thing ever
seven chewing speaking of munching when
you chew your jaw muscles work super
hard
chewing along with swallowing and
digesting birds about a hundred and
forty calories per hour okay let's get
real not many of us have the time to eat
for a whole hour
but chewing gum is a totally different
thing that you can do for quite a long
time according to one study from back in
1999 you burn 11 calories while chewing
gum for an hour not much I agree but hey
if you want to get slimmer everything
counts right just make sure you choose
sugar-free gum because obviously you
don't need those extra calories plus
it's better for your teeth eight playing
games even though watching TV or reading
a book for an hour burns 35 calories
it's better to choose activities that
make you focus your attention and use
your brain researchers at the Harvard
Medical School say that doing Sudoku
will make you shed 110 calories an hour
and if you have kids or young relatives
or you and your adult friends or kids at
heart you can burn even more simply by
playing hopscotch or dodgeball with them
up to 210 calories in an hour you can
lose the same amount of calories if you
play just dance now for an hour so get
your loved ones together and just have
fun
9 ironing do you dread doing the
household chores yeah I feel yeah
especially ironing oh well maybe you'll
do it with a little more enthusiasm next
time now that you know that 60 minutes
of ironing which is the average amount
of time you need to make all your
clothes smooth and tidy on laundry day
is all it takes to blast away 100
calories a slimmer figure and wrinkle
free clothes to show it off now that's
what I'm talking about
which of these activities do you do most
often let me know down in the comments
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]